docs: Add more documentation on `environments` (#790)
prefix-dev/pixi: docs/cli.md

- `--manifest-path <MANIFEST_PATH>`: the path to `pixi.toml`, by default it searches for one in the parent directories.
- `--frozen`: install the environment as defined in the lockfile. Without checking the status of the lockfile. It can also be controlled by the `PIXI_FROZEN` environment variable (example: `PIXI_FROZEN=true`).
- `--locked`: only install if the `pixi.lock` is up-to-date with the `pixi.toml`[^1]. It can also be controlled by the `PIXI_LOCKED` environment variable (example: `PIXI_LOCKED=true`). Conflicts with `--frozen`.

> - `--environment <ENVIRONMENT> (-e)`: The environment to activate the shell in, if non provided the default environment will be used or a selector will be given to select the right environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--environment <ENVIRONMENT> (-e)`: The environment to activate the shell in, if none are provided the default environment will be used or a selector will be given to select the right environment.
```

- `--manifest-path`: the path to `pixi.toml`, by default it searches for one in the parent directories.
- `--frozen`: install the environment as defined in the lockfile. Without checking the status of the lockfile. It can also be controlled by the `PIXI_FROZEN` environment variable (example: `PIXI_FROZEN=true`).
- `--locked`: only install if the `pixi.lock` is up-to-date with the `pixi.toml`[^1]. It can also be controlled by the `PIXI_LOCKED` environment variable (example: `PIXI_LOCKED=true`). Conflicts with `--frozen`.

> - `--environment <ENVIRONMENT> (-e)`: The environment to activate, if non provided the default environment will be used or a selector will be given to select the right environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--environment <ENVIRONMENT> (-e)`: The environment to activate, if none are provided the default environment will be used or a selector will be given to select the right environment.
```
